First draft of starting from genesis (#74)
etherlinkcom/docs: docs/network/smart-rollup-nodes.md

1. Initialize the local context of the node, which is where it stores local data:

   1. Set the environment variable `sr_observer_data_dir` to the directory where the node should store its local data.
   The default value is `$HOME/.tezos-smart-rollup-node`.
   1. Initialize the local context by running this command:

      ```bash
      octez-smart-rollup-node init observer config for sr1Ghq66tYK9y3r8CC1Tf8i8m5nxh8nTvZEf \
        with operators --data-dir $sr_observer_data_dir \
        --pre-images-endpoint https://snapshots.eu.tzinit.org/etherlink-mainnet/wasm_2_0_0
      ```

      This command generates a minimal configuration file (`config.json`) in the local data folder:

      ```json
      { "smart-rollup-address": "sr1Ghq66tYK9y3r8CC1Tf8i8m5nxh8nTvZEf",
        "smart-rollup-node-operator": {}, "fee-parameters": {}, "mode": "observer",
        "pre-images-endpoint":
          "https://snapshots.eu.tzinit.org/etherlink-mainnet/wasm_2_0_0" }
      ```

      This configuration uses the preimages that the Tezos Foundation hosts on a file server on a so-called "preimages endpoint".

>       To build the preimages yourself, see [Building the Etherlink kernel](./building-kernel).

Author: Reused the paragraph from the previous section here.

1. Start the Smart Rollup node in observer mode by running this command and using the RPC endpoint of a layer 1 node that is running in archive mode:

   ```bash
   octez-smart-rollup-node --endpoint https://rpc.tzkt.io/mainnet run \
     --data-dir $sr_observer_data_dir
   ```

>    The node must be running in archive mode to provide your Smart Rollup node complete information about the Etherlink state from genesis.

Reviewer: Nit: 
A rolling or full node contains information for only the last couple of cycle, but for theses cycles the information is complete. Maybe my proposition is not the best.
 
```suggestion
   The layer 1 node must be running in archive mode to provide your Smart Rollup node  information about the Etherlink state since its genesis.
```
